Add documentation around how automation works (#328)
LBHackney-IT/lbh-income-api: README.md

If you need to add environment variables, you need to update the ECS Task Definition.

## Automation of Sending Letters

This section is regarding the automation of how we send letters to tenants. The automation process is broken down into various customisable sections which make up this feature.

The `automate_sending_letters` orchestrator use case is where the code lives `lib/use_cases/automate_sending_letters.rb`

You have the flexibility to change the automation settings within AWS, you can:

> - Turn on and off automation - **AWS VARIABLE CAN_AUTOMATE_LETTERS**

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be like?

```suggestion
- Turn on and off automation - **AWS ENV VARIABLE**  `CAN_AUTOMATE_LETTERS`
```

- Turn on and off automation for income collection Letter 1 - **AWS VARIABLE AUTOMATE_INCOME_COLLECTION_LETTER_ONE**
- Turn on and off automation for income collection Letter 2 - **AWS VARIABLE AUTOMATE_INCOME_COLLECTION_LETTER_TWO**
- Add or remove patches which can allow for automation - **AWS VARIABLE PATCH_CODES_FOR_LETTER_AUTOMATION**

The AWS variables are the same across staging and production.

In order to change any of these variables you will need to:

1. Login to AWS
2. Go to ECS
3. Click on Clusters
4. Click on `ecs-hackney-apps`

> 5. Search for `income-api-production` or `income-api-staging`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Do the following for `income-api-production` and `income-api-staging` tasks
```

6. Click on Tasks
7. Click on a task definition e.g(`task-income-api-production:150`)
8. Click create new revision and ensure this is done for both tasks (`income-api-production-worker` and `income-api-production`)
9. Save the changes and ensure you now redeploy the application for the changes to take effect

> **IMPORTANT: IF YOU UPDATE THE TASK DEFINITION BY CHANGING ANY OF THE ABOVE YOU NEED TO REDEPLOY IN ORDER FOR THE NEW INSTANCE TO USE THE NEW TASK DEFINITION**

Reviewer: I feel like this should be included as Step `10`?

The `automate_sending_letters` orchestrator use case is where the code lives `lib/use_cases/automate_sending_letters.rb`

You have the flexibility to change the automation settings within AWS, you can:

- Turn on and off automation - **AWS ENV VARIABLE** `CAN_AUTOMATE_LETTERS`
- Turn on and off automation for income collection Letter 1 - **AWS ENV VARIABLE** `AUTOMATE_INCOME_COLLECTION_LETTER_ONE`
- Turn on and off automation for income collection Letter 2 - **AWS ENV VARIABLE** `AUTOMATE_INCOME_COLLECTION_LETTER_TWO`
- Add or remove patches which can allow for automation - **AWS ENV VARIABLE** `PATCH_CODES_FOR_LETTER_AUTOMATION`

The AWS variables are the same across staging and production.

In order to change any of these variables you will need to:

1. Login to AWS
2. Go to ECS
3. Click on Clusters
4. Click on `ecs-hackney-apps`
5. Do the following for `income-api-production` and `income-api-staging` tasks
6. Click on Tasks
7. Click on a task definition e.g(`task-income-api-production:150`)
8. Click create new revision and ensure this is done for both tasks (`income-api-production-worker` and `income-api-production`)
9. Save the changes the changes

> 10. **ENSURE YOU REDEPLOY**

Reviewer: 👍
